fixScimMappingsRecomendation (#3564)
astronomer/docs: astro/set-up-scim-provisioning.md

12. In **Target Object Actions**, tick the checkboxes for **Create**, **Update**, and **Delete**.
13. In the **Attribute Mappings** table, add the following mappings:

    | Microsoft Entra ID Attribute                                | Astro Attribute |
    |-------------------------------------------------------------| --------------- |
    | mail                                                        | userName        |
    | Switch([IsSoftDeleted], , "False", "True", "True", "False") | active          |
    | displayName                                                 | displayName     |

  :::warning

  This setup assumes that `mail` contains your users' email. If you use a field other than `mail` to define your user email, replace `mail` with the attribute you use.

>   Whether you choose to use `mail` or a different attribute, you must use the same Microsoft Entra ID Attribute mfor both your SSO and SCIM configurations.

Author: typo mfor

>   Whether you choose to use `mail` or a different attribute, you must use the same Microsoft Entra ID Attribute mfor both your SSO and SCIM configurations.

Author: It is very common for users to use userPrincipleName as their alt property maybe we want to be explicit here? I know of no other property a customer would use tbh

Author: i.e. instead of saying "a different attribute" say if you want to use upn instead of mail for your source of truth for username

>   Whether you choose to use `mail` or a different attribute, you must use the same Microsoft Entra ID Attribute mfor both your SSO and SCIM configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Whether you choose to use `mail` or a different attribute like `userPrincipleName`, you must use the same Microsoft Entra ID Attribute for both your SSO and SCIM configurations.
```
